So this is one thing that I have understood, that the data in your TAI, go down wise, the work that is actually done in the go down, that is what Kansai is saying, that whatever is dispatched, that data matches with ours, or is there any discrepancy? One thing is done, anything else? This is the first thing. Yes, this is the first thing, Manav. Yes, okay. Tell me more, next? Next, you were saying that the purchase will increase automatically, companies will give us bills, etc. If it comes in this format, then it is easy for us. Yes, it is known. These two things are done. Tell us more. And one thing, company wise, for example, I have a customer. If you see my primary in the stock group, then Ajay company, Crompton company, Philolex company, Hindware Faucet, Hindware Sanitary. These are the primary groups that are made. When you open the stock summary, you will see. If someone like my customer has bought, then he has bought a product worth Rs 50,000. If someone like my customer has bought, then he has bought a product worth Rs 50,000. I don't know what kind of items are involved. Let's say I have an outstanding amount of 4 lakhs. I don't know which companies have outstanding amounts of 4 lakhs. Let's say on the basis of FIFO, let's say a customer gives 5,000, 10,000, 20,000 rupees on a regular basis, that will be adjusted on the basis of FIFO. And the rest of the outstanding amount will be known to me by the company. So, let me understand this. You have given me a bidding of 50,000 rupees. In this, you have 4 companies involved. 10,000, 15,000, 15,000, 20,000. Now, I have sent you 20,000 rupees. So, if you get a bidding of 50,000 rupees in one day, how will you adjust 20,000 rupees? Let's say it is an outstanding amount of 30,000 rupees. And the total bill is 50,000 rupees. So, a percentage is removed. We will allocate the entire bill percentage-wise. How do you do it now? Do you do it now or do you want to do it? Right now, we are looking at the total outstanding. And if someone has a lot of outstanding, then we manually take out a lump sum. So you want a system where the money that comes in is proportionally adjusted? Yes. Not of the total, but the outstanding is proportionally adjusted. You are talking about outstanding? Yes. If I made a beak of 50,000 and came to 30,000, then it was an outstanding of 50,000. Yes. If I made a beak of 50,000 and came to 30,000, then it was an outstanding of 20,000. Does it make any difference to you which company has an outstanding? Yes. For example, if a company like Hindwer has an outstanding, then on the day after tomorrow, someone will bring an outstanding worth 4 lakhs. And I have an outstanding worth 3 lakhs of Hindwer. So if I bring an order from Hindwer, then I will tell Hindwer that I won't be able to sell it because it has an outstanding worth 3 lakhs. But let's say the outstanding of Utkarsh company is worth 15,000. If the outstanding of Utkarsh company brings an order, then I will have to give it to them. Because there is no money left in Utkarsh. So we check this work manually. If the party gives you money, it doesn't tell you what kind of money it is, it just gives you money on account. Yes, yes, on account. Because it recognizes the initial enterprises, it doesn't recognize the companies. But the sales guys are all different companies, so they go and secure their orders. So if someone gives you money, we are just asking. And that money will not be given, no, no, why are you in that? Just because we gave money to Hindu Air, so? No, no, then we will tell the client that it will not be like this, brother. Yes, brother, we have asked. No, then they say that if your order is of 4 lakhs, then you give us 50,000 rupees more in Hindu Air, then we will send you the goods of Hindu Air. Okay, so you are saying that such a system should be made that when I get money, then that money should be adjusted from the proportion in which the outstanding is left. Yes. And I should be able to see the proportionality of whose Hindu Air has how much money, how much of this party, how much of this band, how much of that band. Yes. And think, whenever money comes, It will be accepted through FIFO method, right? Yes. I mean, you have to adjust in the previous bidding, right? Yes. I am thinking of an example. I have sent you a cheque of Rs. 50,000 and I have Rs. 3,00,000 outstanding. Yes. And I have sent you a cheque of Rs. 50,000 and I have told you to adjust in Utkash, whereas I have an outstanding Hinduware payment. Will you eat it or not? No, no, no. You will say that I will not adjust if my old money is right. Yes. Assume that the upper bill is Rs. 50,000 and then assume Rs. 2,50,000 for Hindware. Now I have given you a cheque of Rs. 50,000. I have told you to adjust for Hindware. But I will show you the adjustment in Utkash first because Utkash is coming on FIFO basis. Whenever I get an outstanding of Rs. 2,50,000, I will tell you about Hindware. Okay. So, you will ask FIFO method which is the billing of which brand? Yes. Now you say that it has an outstanding. So, how do you say it now? Now I have sent you a cheque of Rs. 50,000. Now we will open it manually and see. Assume that it is specific. Assume that only Rs. 5,000-10,000 comes in a day. But at the end of the month, if we have to look at a party's report, which is usually done by the uncle, they have a problem with that. Who has how much outstanding? They call the guy from Hinduism and find out who has how much outstanding. Then they find out that he took more money from another company, so he has outstanding. So it's a very confusing matter. Okay, I understand. So you are saying that whenever we have to get a report, what is the billing for that report? It will come according to the date. And its payment will come. The payment will be adjusted from above and below. See, this is the pending. Yes, yes, yes. If you get this report automatically, it will be convenient for you. Yes. Okay, we will make this and that. That's it. This was the primary thing. If uncle comes, after that we will discuss one more round. When did Mr. Sayab come? On 22nd? Yes, on 22nd. Maybe it will be available on 22nd or not, that is not right now. Okay. So we understood these three things and the sheet that was sent to us, there is a purchase on one side, there is a sale on the other side, there is a stock. The stock sheet that is maintained in the godown, that was the detail of the stock sheet. In our main three godowns, Harid Bhavan, Pahadi and Sutyambe, we have the same format in all three godowns. According to the item where it is kept. In that, on a daily basis, the staff keeps entering. When the purchase comes, he enters. And if there is any G.R. or any damage, he enters there. So there is a stock coming and going. Mr. Ashish, there is a calculation of the stock coming and going. There is no calculation of the amount. No, there is no calculation of the amount. So it's a stock incoming and outgoing. Whatever went and came. Yes. Or he sent it from one go down to another go down. Yes. So if he can make a small system here, XI base, then it will be easy. Make a small form, this came, this went, it's done. Yes, okay. Right? Yes. Think, made a simple database, chose the item, this came, came from here, went from here, went this much, it's done. Yes, okay. And the stock that goes bad in it, if he finds out, he will also die. Yes, okay. He won't bother you anymore, you sent 15 pieces here, we have only 10 pieces, 5 pieces are gone. Think, he will die, 5 pieces are gone. Yes. So you know. Like he shifts from one go down to another go down, suppose he is bringing 15 pieces of sanitary, one broke on the way, he will get fresh 14 pieces and one has to be put in damage. For the first go down, it is 15 outwards. Yes. So you have to go back and return it and put it in a dead stock. Yes. Okay, so do you send this stock back to the company or it ends up with you? Both systems. If the company would have approved the replacement, it would have been replaced. Otherwise, we would have scrapped it. And sometimes the company gives the value of 10 items as Rs. 40,000. So if it gives 5 or 7 items, let's say the model is out of stock or discontinued. So the second model gives the value of equal. Now tell me, your price drop and all this will also happen that it was Rs. 100, now it is Rs. 90. But we have no problem in counting the stock. No, not stock counting. Does it have any impact on your system? In Thali, the price of PVC is such that every time you bring it, it may be at a new price. So how do you enter it? By calling it a new price? No, no, the item remains the same. We change the price in Thali. So the value of today's stock is of the last price or the average price? Average price. Okay. He told us about the scheme. The system to manage the scheme. Let's ask him. I will tell you the scheme basically, but uncle is joining now, maybe he has a network issue, he is travelling. The scheme is like, if we have a customer or target based or quantity based, so target based, let's say there is a lifting of 3 lakhs or 2 lakhs and 40 parties have enrolled in it, so now we are not able to track it. The company calculates it on its own. If the boy sees that he can achieve 15 people, then only he focuses on 15. Uncle says that if I have a target of 4 lakhs or even 1 lakh, so if we know that this person has also enrolled, so maybe we pressure him too, that if you have enrolled, then you achieve the scheme. So we are not able to track that data, that how much you have achieved or not, because the boy is maintaining himself at the company end. So we can ask for the data if you want, you can get the data. Yes, yes, but you have to use it every time, otherwise it will be a daily update. will be updated, right? Yes. No. For example, we know about the 4 lakh rupees scheme. This party has a target of 4 lakhs, this party has a target of 2.5 lakhs, this party has a target of 3 lakhs. Now, next month, they have a target of 4.5 lakhs, next month, they have a target of 3 lakhs, 2.5 lakhs. So, it keeps on decreasing. No. That will change every month. Every month, the company will send you a sheet that this is the target of the Chinese party here. Yes. You have put it in your data. Now, you have started bidding. So, you can see how much the target is. Yes. You can see that, brother, it is 2.5 lakhs. Yes. We do it manually, but we have to put the manual in automation so that when we put this scheme, its sales automatically come from the pallet. Yes, that is the thing. So, seeing that, as we also said that sometimes we have to take care of its payment. Yes. If we don't do bidding, then its target will not be there. If we don't give money, then it will be fine. And one more thing, the scheme that is going on regularly, we are not able to trace it. For example, the company has given on purchase that if you buy 25 pieces of an item, then we will give 2 pieces free. So, you have to give 2 pieces free. So, you have to give 2 pieces free. So, you have to give 2 pieces free. So, you have to give 2 pieces free. So, you have to give 2 pieces free. So, you have to give 2 pieces free. I can buy 25 pieces in a year. I can't buy it in one go, but I can do it within the year. Now we can't trace it on the purchase, nor can we give it to the customer, nor can we trace it on the sale. That's the difference in the free scheme. Okay, so we have to make a system based on the scheme. Okay, now we will come to Mr. Sahyap ji, so we will understand the scheme properly. So what is the detailing of the scheme? According to us, we will get the data from TI, what is sold. Yes. We will take the data from the scheme, and we will show you a monitoring system. Yes, it will become a dashboard type in Excel, that we have fed it in Excel, this is the target of the month, and the customer's sales came automatically from there, so its achievement will be... You don't even have to say PDF, does the person in front of you send you PDF or what? Both PDF and Excel will come. If he sends it in Excel, you don't have to say anything, just attach it, it will come automatically. Okay, but in Excel, you won't get a common name. Secondly, your payment work is done. We want outstanding brand-wise. Thirdly, we will discuss about a scheme. The data of the scheme should be maintained from IEX. You should be aware of your purchase scheme. It will be a scheme on both sides. Yes, both sides. You have a scheme and the other side has a scheme. Yes. Okay. Is there any issue with the management of cash flow? How much outstanding due is due, how much time is required, all that has to be seen? Or is it all done by hand? We have made a tally. It is not that primary. If you take out the outstanding brand wise, we will also take it out according to the due. I will have to tell you everything. Because when we make the system, we will make it in such a way that all your work is done. Yes. So according to the due… The more input you give to Vietnam, the better it is for me. No, there is one thing. What is outstanding? You can say something like this, that we have decided party-wise that after 5 lakhs, its billing will be stopped. What? You said that I have to give outstanding up to 5 lakhs. You have decided this. So as soon as my 5 lakhs hits, my billing will automatically stop. Yes, yes. This is what we have decided. There is nothing like that, but if we have a discussion with Mr. Sarabji, then we can do that. We will do that with him in the discussion. You were also talking about dying your invoices automatically. So send me a copy of 5-7 invoices or of any company. We will mail it to you. We will make a document of our discussion and send it to you. You can see that document and give your input that we see this point. We will have our next meeting with Mr. Prakash after Mr. Sayaf comes. Ok. So, you can finalize that and then we will start your quiz. Ok. Ok Mr. Ashish. Ok. Thank you sir. I wanted to know two points. What? I wanted to know two points. I wanted to know two points. The telecom data that has come, there is a company called Anaskar. Anaskar? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hi y'all! I don't know if you can hear me, but I'm on the phone with Jhansi. I'll talk to him. If possible, I'll talk to him over the phone. Jhansi, are you there? Yes, sir. I'm here. I wanted to know two things, sir. There is a company called Anish in the Tally data. There is a lot of stock in it, but the sales are zero. Has sales never happened? No, no. Sales? Which one? Anish Enterprises? Anish, you are an HUF. No, there is a sales book in HUF. In Enterprises. No sales in Enterprises. There is a little in Arpita. In Arpita, other companies have more work. So, does anyone purchase in Anish Enterprises? There is no purchase or sales. There is stock, but it is a closing stock. Thank you.   